Update formatting of tabs, links and content (#29631)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/mobile/_index.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

> {{< img src="service_management/mobile/on_call_may_2025.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="iOS on-call page showing shifts, schedules, and escalation options">}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< img src="service_management/mobile/on_call_may_2025.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="iOS on-call page showing shifts, schedules, and escalation options">}}blahbblasdlkfj
```

## Traces

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

{{< img src="service_management/mobile/trace_may_2025.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="iOS traces page showing list of traces with search and filter options">}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

{{< img src="service_management/mobile/Android_Traces.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="Android traces page showing list of traces with search and filter options">}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

On the Traces page, you can view and search all of the traces that you have access to in your Datadog org. You can narrow the list through saved views or build specific search queries based on your tagging strategy. For more information about search, see [Trace Explorer Query Syntax][16].

For example, to filter on traces with the tag `#env:prod` or the tag `#test`, use the query `"env:prod" OR test`. Click into individual services to expand associated spans, and select spans to view info, errors, and related logs. You can also open traces from services and logs.

> **Only available on iOS** Watchdog Insights surface latency outliers and error outliers. For more information, see [Watchdog Insights][26].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Only available on iOS**: Watchdog Insights point to latency outliers and error outliers. For more information, see [Watchdog Insights][26].
```

i feel "surface" is a weird verb that most people are likely to interpret as a noun at first

## Logs

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

{{< img src="service_management/mobile/iOS_logs_v2.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="iOS logs page showing list of logs with search and filter options">}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

{{< img src="service_management/mobile/Android_Logs.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="Android logs page showing list of logs with search and filter options">}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

On the Logs page, you can view and search all of the logs or flex logs that you have access to in your Datadog org. You can narrow the list through saved views or query filters. For more information about search, see [Log Search Syntax][23].

You can also group by log patterns and select different log attributes for clustering or grouping results. For more information about log patterns, see [Grouping Logs Into Patterns][22].

**Note**: To toggle on flex logs, navigate to the logs list and tap on the top right to select enable flex logs.

> **Only available on iOS** Watchdog Insights surface log anomalies and outliers. For more information, see [Watchdog Insights for Logs][25].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Only available on iOS**: Watchdog Insights point to log anomalies and outliers. For more information, see [Watchdog Insights for Logs][25].
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

> {{< img src="service_management/mobile/on_call_may_2025.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="on-call page">}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< img src="service_management/mobile/on_call_may_2025.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="add a new alt text">}}
```
